Umbrella 3.0

Take a photo or movie with your smart phone and mail it to a server or website of your own.  No need for the Cloud or a third party site.

Copyright 2004, 2007, 2011, 2012 by stega:  stega@stega.org

Supported phones: iPhone 1 and newer, Android and Blackberry phones.
If using with a non-supported phone, send an email message to yourself to determine the names and formats of the specific message components and use the "other" option.

History: 

v.1 Originally took data from a Sony Erikson 615 SMS message and pushed it out. 

v1.0 Made to work with an iPhone.

v2.0 added ability to rotate image based on EXIF data in image as due to changes in IOS 3.0 and greater, images are now saved with the rotation/orientation information in the EXIF information.   

v3.0 added support for other phones and made it a bit more user friendly


Requirements: mpack, jpegtran and exifprobe.  You also need to be able to pipe/filter your email to the umbrella.sh script. All three utilities are available via the FreeBSD ports/pkg utilities.  For other operating systems, please check accordingly. 

To use this script:  
1) Place the Umbrella directory in a directory that is not within /home/www or where ever your website lives.  Your home directory is a good choice.
2) Create a directory named Umbrella within your site file (ie /home/www/SITE/MyUmbrellaBlog) 
3) Move the contents of www/ to this directory
4) Edit index.php and replace the values for all variables necessary 
5) Touch feed.xml and old.xml if they do not exist
6) Feel free to edit placeholder.txt and placeholder.jpg to be something personal. (These are used if something goes wrong.)
7) Edit Umbrella/variables.txt and replace the values for all variables necessary 
8) Create a mail filter to pass incoming messages to umbrella.sh (You will want to filter by both sending/receiving address and possibly other variables to insure basic security.)
9) See the contents of the sample directory to perform tests prior to launching.  Once tests are successful, delete feed.xml and old.xml and begin your blogging.


License: Released under GNU GPL 3.0
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html

